This paper deals with a pioneering platform called "Stacker News" that 
has caught the attention of researchers and enthusiasts alike for its
unique intersection of content creation, social engagement, and
cryptocurrency. At the heart of this intriguing online forum lies an
innovative microtransaction system, where members can manifest their
appreciation for content through the transfer of "sats" â€“ abbreviation
from "satoshis," the smallest unit of Bitcoin, representing 1/100'000'000
of a Bitcoin. This unique blend of social interaction and financial
engagement presents an exciting opportunity to investigate how economic
dynamics and online social networks interact in the context of Stacker
News. This paper sets out to explore and analyze the complex network
dynamics of Stacker News, with a particular focus on the utilization of
sats as tokens of appreciation within the forum. By examining the
intricate web of interactions, we aim to unravel the underlying patterns
of user behavior, content generation, and the flow of digital value within
this novel social media forum. In the pages that follow, we will delve
into the structure and evolution of Stacker News, seeking to understand
the implications of this platform's payment-as-like model on the behavior
of its members. Through network analysis, we will uncover the connections,
trends, and emergent properties that define the Stacker News community and
its unique crypto-driven culture. By shedding light on these aspects, the
research will contribute to a deeper understanding of the intersection
between online communities, cryptocurrencies, and the intricate social and
economic relationships that form at this digital crossroads.

